README.md, before:

Delorean is an NTP server written in python, open source and available from GitHub (contributions are welcomed). I borrowed a few lines of code from kimifly's ntpserver and, of course, all the credits to him have been included.

What makes Delorean different and useful for us is that we can configure its flags in order to make it work in a different way than a regular NTP server. Basically, we can configure it in order to send fake responses, similar to the Metasploit's fakedns module.

```
$ ./delorean.py -h
Usage: delorean.py [options]

Options:
-h, --help show this help message and exit
-i INTERFACE, --interface=INTERFACE Listening interface
-p PORT, --port=PORT Listening port
-n, --nobanner Not show Delorean banner
-s STEP, --force-step=STEP Force the time step: 3m (minutes), 4d (days), 1M (month)
-d DATE, --force-date=DATE Force the date: YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm[:ss]
-x, --random-date Use random date each time
```

We have the typical interface (-i) and port (-p) flags, that help us to bind the service exactly where we want. The -n flag only hides the super-cool Delorean banner :)

```
                                    _._                                          
                               _.-="_-         _                                 
                          _.-="   _-          | ||"""""""---._______     __..    
              ___.===""""-.______-,,,,,,,,,,,,`-''----" """""       """""  __'   
       __.--""     __        ,'                   o \           __        [__|   
  __-""=======.--""  ""--.=================================.--""  ""--.=======:  
 ]       [w] : /        \ : |========================|    : /        \ :  [w] :  
 V___________:|          |: |========================|    :|          |:   _-"   
  V__________: \        / :_|=======================/_____: \        / :__-"     
  -----------'  ""____""  `-------------------------------'  ""____"" 
``` 

We can use Delorean in several modes, but we are going to focus in the most useful ones. There are some other attacks that weren't really interesting after developing them, but they are still in the code. Perhaps I will remove them in the future, sine they require scapy and some dependencies.

Since it's too soon yet to talk about how OS synchronize, we will test how Delorean works using the command line tool "ntpdate":

```
$ ntpdate -q 192.168.1.2
server 192.168.1.2, stratum 2, offset 97372804.086845, delay 0.02699
20 Oct 06:05:45 ntpdate[881]: step time server 192.168.1.2 offset 97372804.086845 sec
```

By default (no flags), Delorean responses a date that matches the same week and month day than the current date, but at least 1000 days in the future. This was useful for the HSTS bypass as we will see in upcoming posts.

```
# ./delorean.py -n 
[19:44:42] Sent to 192.168.10.113:123 - Going to the future! 2018-08-31 19:44 
[19:45:18] Sent to 192.168.10.113:123 - Going to the future! 2018-08-31 19:45
```

We can set a relative jump from the current date using the step flag (-s). Relative jumps can be defined as 10d (ten days in the future), -2y (two years in the past), etc:

```
# ./delorean.py -s 10d -n 
[19:46:09] Sent to 192.168.10.113:123 - Going to the future! 2015-08-10 19:46 
[19:47:19] Sent to 192.168.10.113:123 - Going to the future! 2015-08-10 19:47
```

We can also set a specific date, and Delorean would answer always the same date:

```
# ./delorean.py -d ‘2020-08-01 21:15’ -n 
[19:49:50] Sent to 127.0.0.1:48473 - Going to the future! 2020-08-01 21:15 
[19:50:10] Sent to 127.0.0.1:52406 - Going to the future! 2020-08-01 21:15
```

There are a number of attacks that you can run using Delorean. I shown some of them in DEF CON 23: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkw9tFnJk8k

Commit message:

Added requirements.txt and updated README.md

README.md, after:

Delorean is an NTP server written in python, open source and available from GitHub (contributions are welcomed). I borrowed a few lines of code from kimifly's ntpserver and, of course, all the credits to him have been included.

What makes Delorean different and useful for us is that we can configure its flags in order to make it work in a different way than a regular NTP server. Basically, we can configure it in order to send fake responses, similar to the Metasploit's fakedns module.

```
$ ./delorean.py -h
Usage: delorean.py [options]

Options:
-h, --help show this help message and exit
-i INTERFACE, --interface=INTERFACE Listening interface
-p PORT, --port=PORT Listening port
-n, --nobanner Not show Delorean banner
-s STEP, --force-step=STEP Force the time step: 3m (minutes), 4d (days), 1M (month)
-d DATE, --force-date=DATE Force the date: YYYY-MM-DD hh:mm[:ss]
-x, --random-date Use random date each time
```

We have the typical interface (-i) and port (-p) flags, that help us to bind the service exactly where we want. The -n flag only hides the super-cool Delorean banner :)

```
                                    _._                                          
                               _.-="_-         _                                 
                          _.-="   _-          | ||"""""""---._______     __..    
              ___.===""""-.______-,,,,,,,,,,,,`-''----" """""       """""  __'   
       __.--""     __        ,'                   o \           __        [__|   
  __-""=======.--""  ""--.=================================.--""  ""--.=======:  
 ]       [w] : /        \ : |========================|    : /        \ :  [w] :  
 V___________:|          |: |========================|    :|          |:   _-"   
  V__________: \        / :_|=======================/_____: \        / :__-"     
  -----------'  ""____""  `-------------------------------'  ""____"" 
``` 

We can use Delorean in several modes, but we are going to focus in the most useful ones. There are some other attacks that weren't really interesting after developing them, but they are still in the code. Perhaps I will remove them in the future, sine they require scapy and some dependencies. You can install dependencies using pip.
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```


Since it's too soon yet to talk about how OS synchronize, we will test how Delorean works using the command line tool "ntpdate":

```
$ ntpdate -q 192.168.1.2
server 192.168.1.2, stratum 2, offset 97372804.086845, delay 0.02699
20 Oct 06:05:45 ntpdate[881]: step time server 192.168.1.2 offset 97372804.086845 sec
```

By default (no flags), Delorean responses a date that matches the same week and month day than the current date, but at least 1000 days in the future. This was useful for the HSTS bypass as we will see in upcoming posts.

```
# ./delorean.py -n 
[19:44:42] Sent to 192.168.10.113:123 - Going to the future! 2018-08-31 19:44 
[19:45:18] Sent to 192.168.10.113:123 - Going to the future! 2018-08-31 19:45
```

We can set a relative jump from the current date using the step flag (-s). Relative jumps can be defined as 10d (ten days in the future), -2y (two years in the past), etc:

```
# ./delorean.py -s 10d -n 
[19:46:09] Sent to 192.168.10.113:123 - Going to the future! 2015-08-10 19:46 
[19:47:19] Sent to 192.168.10.113:123 - Going to the future! 2015-08-10 19:47
```

We can also set a specific date, and Delorean would answer always the same date:

```
# ./delorean.py -d ‘2020-08-01 21:15’ -n 
[19:49:50] Sent to 127.0.0.1:48473 - Going to the future! 2020-08-01 21:15 
[19:50:10] Sent to 127.0.0.1:52406 - Going to the future! 2020-08-01 21:15
```

There are a number of attacks that you can run using Delorean. I shown some of them in DEF CON 23: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkw9tFnJk8k
